I decided to work for the agency for the
chance to work with children the chance
to teach English in a country that did
not essentially speak the language too
big and that was the main reason for
actually applying for the job though
from the interview on the the way I was
greeted and treated was phenomenal I
felt welcomed from day one from the
interview and from there just became
friends with people in the office and
other people who are working with them
and it was a great place to be so I and
I got a chance to meet a lot of the
other people who work there were through
various activities that we did with some
after work functions and Christmas
functions it's been really great getting
to meet the other people when share
experiences of families that they have
and telling them stories of the children
I've been working with and have actually
made some great friendships out of it
and got to meet a lot of different
people from different countries Ireland
and America and just from everyone who's
coming and been part of the company some
of the advantages of working with the
agency instead of going straight to a
family is you get a lot of you've got a
buffer kind of thing and the agency are
able to sort out the Weir's and the
winds taking a lot of stress off myself
and I'm able to focus more on the actual
tutoring of the children instead of all
the paperwork of where I need to be and
also they're able to
they able to find where I can go
so it's am in relation to where I'm
living and it was a lot easier
other than door knocking yourself I mean
companies already got a base of
customers and got a good name so people
have already come to them so yeah it
made a lot easier going through the
agency I would definitely recommend the
agency for work in France they were kind
considerate respectful organized and
with the training and the facilities and
the equipment that are supplied it makes
it so easy and a lot of fun